this recipe is for a fast wonton noodle
soup so you need a handful of noodles
you can use any kind of noodles you want
we like the Chinese style broad noodles
from 40 company and then you have some
wonton wraps you have four ounces of
ground pork he findeth already ground up
and then you put a little bit of salt
when you walked on this wall so this is
going to be a fast fast recipe for one
time noodle soup we start off with two
pots of boiling water so first you put a
handful of the noodles into the boiling
water you can add a bit of salt to the
water just so the noodles don't stick
these noodles will cook in about five
minutes so so when it boils for about
five minutes you take out the noodles
and enriching for water you put about
half a teaspoon of salt into the
downpour and just mix it well together
so you put about teaspoon of ground pork
into each wrapper put a bit of water on
the edges and then squeeze the wrap
around the meat make sure it doesn't
leak out
yeah soup you put about a quarter
teaspoon of salt about 1/4 teaspoon of
dark soy sauce put it into the soup then
you put the 1 ton into the soup when the
one time is floating to the top that
means they're cooked then you rinse the
noodles in cold water
then you put the noodles into the wall
after staining you can add some chopped
green onions on the noodles just for
color if you like
there you have it one Tong noodle soup
fast TV and delicious
enjoy